* Focus
** Bugs
   - ( ) Fix next.markdown when anchor code is inline
   - ( ) Errors for code blocks and inline code on page load are incorrect
   - ( ) Deleting code block when empty should delete code block (sometimes leaves view)
   - ( ) Inline code node sometimes gets converted to code block
   - ( ) Fix infinite update loop for update listener for hooks
** Evaluation
   - ( ) Run evaluation inside "show" content
** Editor
   - ( ) Table
** Product
   - ( ) Pagination
   - ( ) landing page
   - ( ) User info on topbar
   - ( ) More e2e tests

* Ready to use
** Evaluation
   - ( ) Update codeblock on signal? (or use default as effectful)
   - ( ) Get content from imported notes (via next.markdown)
** Bugs
   - ( ) Fix issue with forever loading/api freeze in dev (maybe bun run issue? test please)
   - ( ) Fix issue with inline node deleting backticks should convert to text
** Editor
   - ( ) Update entire link instead of just the selected text (inline floating menu)
   - ( ) Show floating menu if cursor is inside link
   - ( ) Don't show floating menu inside inline code nodes?
** Product
   - ( ) github oauth
   - ( ) Examples workspace @examples/*
   - ( ) Documentation workspace @docs/*
   - ( ) Common library/utilities workspace @notical/*
   - ( ) Make nav bar responsive for small screens
   - ( ) Make sidebar floating on really small screens?
   - ( ) Dark theme
   - ( ) Share button (disabled for private notes with hint to make public)
** Capabilities
   - ( ) Permission based capabilities (Ask user if a feature can be used)
   - ( ) Create a new note programatically
   - ( ) Proxy server for fetch
   - ( ) feat: fetch (+ request/response polyfill). Allow fetching data. (Ask for permission per host)
** Infra
   - ( ) Infra setup for api (digitalocean? | aws?)
   - ( ) Cleanup compose setup
   - ( ) Postgres DB setup (neon? | digitalocean? | aws?)
   - ( ) Setup simple CI
   - ( ) CI + e2e

* Later
** Bugs
   - ( ) Up key not working from inside code blocks
   - ( ) Things slow down as the number of updates in a session increase. (benchmark this)
   - ( ) memory leak?
   - ( ) Detect cyclic dependencies of signals
   - ( ) No curor on todo when text is empty
** Evaluation
   - ( ) Update shown content in imported notes (via show.markdown) (save note content)
   - ( ) Update inserted content in imported notes (via insert.markdown) (save note content)
   - ( ) Delete content programatically
   - ( ) Pause evaluation update loop (for debugging)
   - ( ) Button next to import stmnt to open imported note
   - ( ) Allow disabling evaluation for a code blocks
   - ( ) Allow disabling evaluation for inline blocks
   - ( ) Persistant state
   - ( ) Make "show" content collapsible
   - ( ) Get content programmatically - nodes json (low-level)
** Product
   - ( ) Fork note
   - ( ) confirm email (+ resend/mailgun/sendgrid/postmark)
   - ( ) reset password
   - ( ) Search note contents
   - ( ) Star notes
   - ( ) Template notes
   - ( ) Archive workspace
   - ( ) Favorite notes
   - ( ) Redirect to referrer path after login/signup
   - ( ) Save last used workspace and load that by default
   - ( ) With error "note already exists", if note is archived mention that it is archived
   - ( ) Versioning?
   - ( ) KEep track of note imports/references
** Editor
   - ( ) Allow note search for imports inside code blocks?
   - ( ) Checkbox with 3 states (done, in progress, unchecked)
   - ( ) Collapsable inline code marks
   - ( ) Use solid-router for navigating to note links inside editor
   - ( ) Latex equation support (mathjax or katex)
   - ( ) Youtube embed
   - ( ) plantuml diagram support
   - ( ) Drag and drop nodes
   - ( ) Heading anchors (link to heading)
   - ( ) Giphy integration
   - ( ) Emoji integration
   - ( ) Excalidraw/tldraw/draw.io integration
   - ( ) Default to read-only mode and then allow editing?
** Capabilities
   - ( ) Don't show permission request if user is the author
   - ( ) Keybindings
   - ( ) Allow creating a new note from within note
** Collaboration
   - ( ) invite to workspace/workspace collaborators
   - ( ) hocuspocus or y-websocket server for realtime?
   - ( ) multi-user collaboration/multi-cursor features
   - ( ) Tagging users
** Improvements
   - ( ) freeze `internal` and other objects
   - ( ) Re-map error messages to be more helpful
   --- ( ) better error when there are multiple exports of the same name in a note being imported
   - ( ) *perf* Prevent re-creating node view on update for code block
   - ( ) *perf* Only render decoration when result (or show content) changes
   - ( ) Truncate the inline result decoration
   - ( ) Improve markdown editing experience
   - ( ) Debounce evaluation checks
   - ( ) Debug view for showing current state


* Supported features/ideas
  - (-) Note based calculator
  - ( ) Task management
  - ( ) Journaling
  - ( ) Unit conversions
  - ( ) Currency conversions
  - ( ) Simplified drawing/diagram tool
  - ( ) Datetime picker
  - ( ) Fetch and present external data
  - ( ) Draft and send custom emails (mail client)?
  - ( ) Email reminders for tasks?
  - ( ) Read section of page
  - ( ) Make requests to openai (how to manage secrets?)

* Maybe
  - ( ) Block-ey UI with drag and drop
  - ( ) Embed note on your website as an iframe?
  - ( ) Folders? Purely for presenting notes in workspace view
  - ( ) Support images with image upload
  - ( ) Print to PDF (including results)
  - ( ) gist embed? (see if it can be used for evaluation?)
  - ( ) Tab UI?
  - ( ) Vim mode editing?
  - ( ) Importing js from CDN? (naah)
  - ( ) If export (or inline func) has args, ask user for input?

* Resources
  - {https://solid-icons.vercel.app/search/note}
